1. User hits initialize project. They can choose to go freestyle or use a template. If they choose freestyle, go to next step otherwise continue this step. Popup appears asking "What type of project are you making?" with a list of various options (ex. website, robot, etc). Depending on the choice, the template wizard will then ask followup prompts (ex. for website it might ask "do you need cloud integration?", "what type of backend do you need?, etc). Once done going through the template wizard, the editor canvas will get populated based on the user's choice.
2. The user is brought to the editor canvas. The canvas may be empty or be prepopulated with some elements depending on the template choices. The user can use a dropdown to add new elements (ex. Add a new software repo). Elements are displayed on the canvas as tiles / sticky notes. The user can link elements together to show that they depend on / use each other. The user can the click on elements to add external links to other services that contain the actual implementations for the elements (ex. a software element may be linked to a github repo). Alternatively, depending on the element, the user can click a button to initialize the implementation according to the dependency links and an implementation wizard (ex. for a software element, it may ask "what language do you want to use?", "where do you want to host the repo?", etc. The repo would then get initialized with some boilerplate code and an appropriate API according to the dependency links).
3. If the project owner wants to open source a component or request help on a component, they can selectively open source individual components or the entire project. A marketplace will be available to show off projects and request help. This will include tools for marketing the project, integrating with social media, and raising fundraising.
4. Once the elements are all populated, the user can then hit a "simulate" button. The backend for the site will then parse all of the implementation details, compile them, and attempt to simulate the project. For example, if the project is for a website, it may show the user how their website will look and output potential costs depending on various usage rates. This will require parsing the user's implementation, so the server will need access to the project's components. User's will have the option to host their own version of the site that can run the simulation locally. 
5. Once the project is complete, the user can hit a button to download the execution file for the project. The execution file is the steps for aggregating and compiling the seperate components of the project. It is what the system uses to simulate the project. For example, in a software project, the execution file may be a bash script or executable that downloads the needed components, clones the repos, and deploys the code. For hardware projects, the execution file may be more involved and include steps like 3d printing or purchasing components to assemble. This step will have the same access control as step 4.